(Episode 11)
Are you okay?
Hey.
Yeon Kyung.
She doesn't want that.
Oh, my.
She's not here, right?
She clearly isn't here.
It wasn't a hit-and-run.
What...
is this?
How...
did this happen?
Did you recover your senses?
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
I am sorry.
But do not worry. We know how to go back.
Let us go.
You should have just left me.
You should have just left me to die.
What... What do you mean?
Why would you say that?
Let us go.
When you fall down,
it is not a bad idea to rest for a while.
You should take a rest here.
Everything happens so quickly there.
It was hard for me to get a hold of myself.
But here,
it feels like the time has stopped.
There are no loud noises that numb your ears,
and there is no fine dust...
that suffocates you.
This is what the village I grew up in felt like.
There was a well in the middle,
and in the morning,
women will meet there with buckets and talk.
Next to them,
children would play with water until they get scolded.
Come to think of it, I miss those days...
when I would play with my friends...
without any worries.
There must be a well here somewhere.
I will get some water to quench my thirst.
Stay here, and rest.
Can you feel the heart...
that you fixed for me?
Dad.
Why did this come back here?
Why is it in Joseon again?
Should I...
need to thank you for saving my life?
Or should I resent you...
for not letting me go?
Eat this.
Yeon Kyung! Yeon Kyung.
Where did you get that rice ball?
You should drink this first. You will feel better.
This is normally what women do to passerby.
I put it there so that you would not get...
an upset stomach after drinking hurriedly.
Just like that,
we need to go slowly...
so that we would not get an upset stomach.
Gosh, what are they doing?
The Japanese soldiers are coming! The Japanese soldiers are coming!
Run away! Run away!
We need to leave.
Dad. Dad.
Dad.
Dad. Dad. Dad.
Who is he?
He's my grandfather's guest.
I came from far away.
Is that what happened?
Then,
I thought...
it was better for her to have lost her memory.
It must have come back.
I will go and see her.
Do not worry.
Why aren't any of them calling me?
I heard that Heo Bong Tak was your guest.
Who is he?
You know him, right?
Why are you asking me strange questions...
all of a sudden?
He told me he came from somewhere far.
Where is that?
Why would you ask me that?
At first,
I thought he was a fake doctor with no license.
And then, I thought he was a fraud...
that my grandfather had helped.
But I thought about it,
and there were so many strange things.
Who is he?
Strange things?
What strange things?
Like his name, clothes, and how he talks...
The strangest thing...
is that he disappeared in front of my eyes.
Together with Yeon Kyung.
What?
He did that again?
Again?
Does that mean he did that the last time too?
Grandfather, please tell me.
Who is he?
Where did they go and how?
Gosh.
- Grandfather. - What?
- Mr. Choi. - Mr. Choi.
- What is it? - Are you all right?
No, I am fine. I'm fine.
My chest felt a little stiff.
I must have an upset stomach because of what I had yesterday.
You should take some medicine.
Take him inside.
Okay. Let's go in.
Let's go in.
Why is he here this early?
Why did you come outside in this cold weather?
- Can't you reach her yet? - No.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Gosh, she must have been shocked.
She's never done this before.
I know. I didn't know she'd be like this.
I'm worried.
When it happens to someone who normally doesn't do that,
they hit rock bottom.
- Hello. - Hello.
How are Ha Ra's parents doing now?
As you can imagine. They're holding on to Ha Ra.
Where's Professor Hwang? Come here.
What on earth happened? Death on the table?
It was too late when they found her, so her heart was already damaged.
Dr. Choi Yeon Kyung tried her best until the last moment.
- Are you sure it's not our fault? - What?
Yes, sure.
The chairman is so mad now.
At this rate, Director Ma will take the lead.
I think we need to use that card now.
- What kind of a card do you mean? - You know...
The record of Chairman Park's son.
But he entered here voluntarily as Yeon Kyung's patient.
I also heard he turned himself in for the drug use.
What's wrong with Dr. Choi all the time?
Why is she so fickle?
Is she playing a game with me?
Where is she now?
Look over there. Children are hiding there.
I will go.
I will go and bring the children. Stay right here.
This way.
Do not worry. I am here to save you.
We do not have time. Hurry.
Let us go with him.
- Hold my hand now. - What about these kids?
Can they go with us?
We can't leave them here.
What are these people?
Hey, you two.
Are you people of Joseon?
You are.
Kill them!
Stop it!
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
I told you not to break away from the camp.
To loot the villages in Joseon...
is on each platoon's discretion, isn't it?
He is a doctor.
Bring him, and let him treat Suzuki.
How do you know that, General?
When I got hurt before,
he treated me.
Is killing one more person of Joseon important to us?
Or is saving one more comrade of us important to us?
You are right. Rather than being killed right now,
being killed after treating a Japanese soldier...
will be an honor to that man of Joseon.
Bring the woman and children as hostage.
Leave the woman and children.
Take that man to the quarter.
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
Let me go. What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Excuse me! Wait!
Yeon Kyung!
Hold on! Where are you taking the woman and children?
It will be all right.
Yeon Kyung! Wait!
Let me stay with her and children!
Wait!
Brother!
Wait! Seol!
Seol! Seol!
Let me go!
Let go of me!
Excuse me.
I should have left you...
to die that time.
How can you bite the hand that fed you?
Did you forget that she is the one who saved your life?
You made the choice at that time.
However, the tables have turned now.
You must save this patient.
Do you think I would make the same mistake again?
If innocent people lose their lives by someone I saved,
then it is the same as I killed those innocent people.
I am telling you that I will not make such a mistake again!
This is what that woman said.
How someone lives after she saves him is up to his choice.
She is just...
trying her best as a doctor.
Finding out the result of her deed,
she must be devastated now.
That is her business.
If you cannot save this patient,
you, that woman, and children will all die.
The duty and good will of a doctor...
can sometimes turn into harm.
He was right.
Does it hurt a lot?
You got hurt.
I don't have my bag now.
I can't do anything for you.
I can help you.
Brother.
I am scared. Are we...
going to die?
No, we will not die. I will not let them kill us.
Your mom and dad must be worried.
We do not have parents.
Due to an epidemic the year before last,
they passed away.
I will protect my sister.
Did you hear what the mister said a while ago?
Do not worry.
That mister will save us.
That is not how it should be.
Promise that you will let the woman and the children live.
Then I will treat the wounded.
Are you that confident?
Promise.
Can you trust my promise?
I will trust the promise of whom the woman saved.
His bowels are filled too much with water.
In this condition, even a slight mistake may be critical for him.
Are you saying you cannot save him?
His pulse is...
beating irregularly.
If you do anything rashly,
I will not forgive you.
Why are you not taking out all the water?
The patient will die if I take it all out now.
That is why I left some on purpose.
Feed him ground radish seeds,
decocted Angelica gigas, Chinese pepper seeds, and garden rhubarb.
He will get better little by little after three days.
General.
Can you hear me?
You are safe now.
Come out.
Let go!
- No. - Let go of me.
Please don't.
Where are you taking us?
Let go!
Are you okay?
What about you? Are you okay?
I am all right.
- Are you okay? - Yes.
I will not thank you for keeping your promise.
Thank you...
for saving Suzuki.
Are there a lot of doctors like you...
in Joseon Dynasty?
Why do you ask such a thing?
We need...
a lot of doctors at a time like this.
Oh, right.
I did not know why,
but I thought I should not reveal...
this object and its owner.
Was I right?
I am not sure which infirmary you work for,
but this belongs to you.
So I shall return this to you.
What is your name?
My name is Sayaga.
(He was naturalized in Joseon during the Japanese invasions of Korea.)
Will you remember my name?
Are we going home now?
Yes, that master saved us.
You can walk home, right?
Yes, I can.
Let us go.
What happened?
Did you save that patient?
He would have released us...
even if I could not save him.
I think...
you saved all of our lives.
My shoe.
I will pick it up for you. Stay here.
What happened?
What do you think you are doing?
I cannot stop you from releasing them since you're my superior,
but it is up to me...
whether to kill those released Joseon people or not.
We need to hurry.
Let us go.
Excuse me.
Wait a minute.
A child is hurt.
There is no time to waste.
I am begging you. Please help us.
Be careful.
His pulse is in the most dangerous state.
What are these wounds?
They are bullets.
Small metal pieces are stuck in his body.
If we leave it, the wounds will fester, rot, and get septicemia.
What is wrong with you?
- I can't do this. - What do you mean?
What if he also dies...
after I treat him?
Look at me.
Come back to your senses, and listen to me.
You are a doctor.
You do your best to save a patient, whoever that patient is.
You are the best doctor I know.
I do not know what a gun is.
I never treated nor ever seen a wound like this.
I cannot do this by myself.
The only person who can save this child...
is you.
Brother, do not die.
Brother.
Mom. Dad.
I don't have my bag with me.
I need to disinfect and anesthetize.
Do you have any acid?
We do not have acid,
but we have toad secretion.
Please give us that. We also need hot water to disinfect.
Please boil water with salt.
Yes.
I will apply acupuncture to decrease the pain.
Do you need anything else?
I need to stop the bleeding and take care of infections.
Do you have dried crown daisy, elm bark, and taro?
Yes, we have.
Okay.
We also need clean white cloth, a needle, and some thread.
What, thread?
Do you have hemp thread and morus bark?
The pulse became stable. I think he is not in danger anymore.
You saved this child.
No.
This child...
saved her brother.
I thought I could never hold him in my hands again.
Maybe that is why he is still here.
He is smart and praiseworthy just like his owner.
It's amazing.
I did surgery with only this...
in a place like this.
I saved a life.
Like you said, the child tried to save his sister's life.
That must have saved his own life.
What is more important than a doctor's skill...
is the will of a patient wanting to live.
That is the first thing I learned from my teacher.
You must study the patient's mind first...
to heighten their life force and healing power.
The patient's mind.
But...
there is something he did not teach.
That there are more patients you cannot save...
than patients you can save...
as a doctor.
That is the fate of doctors...
who are living in this land.
I cried out loud for a day...
when I first lost a patient.
I would not even cry later.
Death is sad,
but it is beyond our power who decides to live or die.
We only do our best to stop people from dying.
Ha Ra and your father...
must have...
done their best until the end...
because they knew how you felt.
This is the gift she left for you.
She wanted me to tell you...
that this brightest one is her heart.
Although her heart stopped from beating,
her soul that was contained in her heart...
still shines brightly like this.
[VIU Ver] Episode 11 Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo/Deserving of the Name
"Who is Heo Im?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Everything will be fine, right?
My daughter will be safe, right?
I know...
it's shameless of me to say this,
but if you happen to run into her,
please take good care of her like last time.
I know you're in an awkward situation,
but please give me a few more days.
Something came up to Dr. Heo.
How could you say that?
I'm not your subordinate or something like that.
This isn't only for my sake.
Director Ma, did you just yell at me?
I buttered him up a bit,
and now, he thinks he's the president or something.
Goodness.
Heo Im, that punk. I turned him into a human being,
and he's behaving as he pleases.
Where on earth is he?
Did he go back to Joseon by any chance?
Where?
Did you...
just say Heo Im?
Since when have you been standing there?
Joseon?
What was that about?
You heard it wrong.
- Grandpa. - I said, you heard it wrong.
Things are complicated as is.
Don't add up to it.
(Heo Bong Tak)
Excuse me.
The woman who was with you just now.
Did she go somewhere?
Master, I am Im from the Heo family.
My name is Heo Im.
In the Joseon Dynasty, our acupuncture skills were the best...
among the three countries.
The doctor at the top was...
Dr. Heo Im, the best acupuncturist in Joseon.
It doesn't make sense. He's Heo Im?
Then does it mean...
the two are in Joseon now?
Are you okay? Can you hear me?
How is your back? Does it hurt a lot?
Where is my sister?
She's sleeping behind you.
Brother.
I am sorry.
Because of me...
You...
It is all right, Dam.
It is not your fault.
Do not cry.
My...
My shoe came off.
That is why you...
I will buy you shoes that fit you well next time.
So do not cry.
Look at you.
Goodness.
Why are you staring at me like that?
I don't look good in these clothes, do I?
That is not true.
You are pretty whichever clothes you wear.
Walking like this, it seems like...
we are a family.
What?
I'm too young to have a big son like him.
Gosh, I mean...
In Joseon, people get married when they are about 15 years old.
People in our age have kids this big.
Then why did you not get married...
until now?
I had so many women who went after me,
but I was busy treating people with my extraordinary medical skills.
So I did not get a chance to find someone.
That's the same as me.
The same...
Then we must be meant for each other...
Shall we take some rest here?
Don't your shoulders hurt?
Come to think of it...
Let us rest here for a while.
It tickles.
A little more.
Yes! Yeon Kyung, look here!
Everything that grows...
on earth is nutritious.
You need to eat the most important part.
Like this.
You can eat that?
You should eat this too.
Do you want the flowers too?
Excuse me.
- Are you all right? - What happened?
As you can see, the Japanese soldiers have come.
Everyone got hurt.
But...
who are you?
Well, I...
Sir.
Kang? Is that you, Kang?
Dam is here too.
The children are alive.
Sir.
Are you all right?
I sewed up the skin so that the wounds would heal quickly.
It will disappear after a while.
Really?
- You sewed it up? - Yes.
I have never seen a doctor treat patients before.
Are you a doctor?
Yes.
When I first arrived at your world,
I was surprised by the ambulance.
You could get treated whenever...
and wherever they are.
Yes, for most people.
Those people outside...
would hardly ever get to see a doctor in their lives.
At least in Hanyang, they have Haeminseo.
We just used acupuncture and moxa cautery to circulate Qi.
That way, they can get on with life and eat something.
It is not much,
but that is all we can do.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I want to remember...
the real side of you.
I just did it because there were patients in front of me.
That is what I did.
Then tell me.
Why are you...
treating these people for nothing in return...
and worrying about them?
Dam.
Why is she suddenly like this?
She must be in shock.
It is all right. It is all right now.
Dam, it is all right.
When the time comes, we will have time to talk about us.
If I am right.
Here.
Is Hanyang far away from here?
Why do you ask?
There is someone I need to meet.
Who?
Heo Jun.
No,
I mean, Master Heo Jun.
Heo Jun? Do you mean the doctor?
How do you know him?
That's what I want to find out.
What does that...
I will tell you everything later.
I am not sure about anything yet.
The Japanese soldiers are nearby.
Do you not know that it is dangerous to be in Hanyang right now?
I know. But...
if I don't see him now,
I might not get another chance.
Maybe...
I might find out...
the reason why I met you...
and why I came here.
I went through so much trouble,
but at least it did not last long.
This is all thanks to her.
If I leave Hanyang and evacuate,
I do not know when I will come back.
I do not get to see you in the end.
I hope you survive this war...
so that we can meet in the future.
- Let us go. - Yes, master.
What is that?
Excuse me.
Where is that place that is on fire?
Do you not know?
That is the palace.
Why is the palace on fire?
Did you not hear...
that the King ran away early this morning?
The angry people...
are setting everything on fire.
He deserves to be ripped to pieces.
How could he run away leaving the people behind?
I cannot believe this.
Even if you do not get to meet him,
do not get discouraged.
He is the royal physician.
If the king is on royal flight from the palace,
Master Heo might have followed him.
Okay, let us go.
Who are you?
Dr. Heo.
- Dr. Heo, I was worried. - Oh, my.
It was true that you would be coming here.
Mak Gae, wait.
Goodness, Mak Gae.
You changed your appearance...
to hide from the Minister of War?
What could I do?
After we ran away that time,
he is doing everything to find you and I.
You are running away again.
That is not important.
What happened?
What did I see that day?
Why are you still here?
Did I not tell you to leave Hanyang?
How could I leave without you?
We are all in this together, live or let die.
Do you not know what times we are in?
I do not know about that.
She is here again.
She is not a lady, but a village woman this time.
I am here to meet Master Heo.
He went to a village over the mountain to treat a patient.
Do you mean that he did not follow the king?
He said that he cannot go right now because his leg was uncomfortable,
but he will follow them later.
So he went to treat other patients after that?
When will he come back?
He will not come back today.
Maybe tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Do you know where he is?
The roads are rugged. Be careful.
I wanted to know since last time,
but what kind of relationship do you have with each other?
Why are you staying at Master Heo's house?
You did not answer my question.
I had to leave Haeminseo, so I did not know what to do.
Master Heo allowed me to stay here until you came back.
Did he say I would come back?
Yes, he said you would surely come back.
Looking at your hair,
you did not want to come back according to your own will.
You must have caused trouble again.
He thinks I will come back according to my own will.
Gosh.
Look who we have here.
Is that the woman from last time?
Yes, I think you are right.
Wait a minute.
Look.
I think those are warriors judging from their swords.
Warriors?
What is this?
You.
It is good to see you like this again.
That girl helped Heo Im run away.
He even had a girl.
They must not recognize you.
Run away without looking back.
I cannot do that without you.
Did you not see last time?
You have to leave for us to live.
Hurry.
- What is that girl? - Should I follow her?
You do not have to do a troublesome deed like that.
Heo Im, you punk.
I cannot sleep at night because of you.
The almighty must be helping me.
Who knew that we would put an end to this...
on our way leaving Hanyang?
You became a dog while I was away.
What?
What did you say?
You punk.
How could you tell humans from dogs...
according to the clothes they wear?
Your appearance...
is like that of dogs and pigs right now.
Gosh.
Dogs and pigs would be offended.
What is he talking about?
At least you are afraid of the people.
I take it that it is because you value your life...
to run away in the middle of the night like this.
You punk.
How could a lowly life like you say that to me?
A minster of the court...
should protect people...
and the king...
when in crisis.
I cannot believe that a vulgar man like you,
who betrayed the king and left the people to save his own life,
is still talking about social ranks.
Are you not embarrassed...
to face the lowly lives?
You, you little...
What are you doing?
Make him shut his mouth.
- Yes, my lord. - Yes, my lord.
Do not worry.
Pain like this is nothing to me now.
Yeon Kyung.